Cluster group volumes backup (#1140)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/04.5-devx/05-app-profile/08-services/15-db-services.md

## Storage

You must allocate storage to the database service based on the available storage within the Virtual Cluster. 

<br />

<WarningBox>

> Cluster groups are, by default, configured not to back up the disk storage. This default behavior affects database services because a backup would not include the storage disk. Refer to the [Set Up Disk Backup for Virtual Clusters](/clusters/cluster-groups/cluster-group-backups) to enable disk backup for virtual clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, cluster groups are configured not to back up the disk storage. This default behavior affects database services because a backup would not include the storage disk. To learn more, refer to [Set Up Disk Backup for Virtual Clusters](/clusters/cluster-groups/cluster-group-backups).
```
